luxurious entertainment and spectacular
views away to in this amazing
contemporary palatial estate the sheer
beauty of the Arizona mountainside and
the Phoenix skyline will take your
breath away this estate is located on
the scottsdale Fountain Hills border
situated on the eastern slope of the
McDowell mountains about 500 feet in
elevation above Phoenix this majestic
range naturally separates the community
from the hustle and bustle of metro
Phoenix yet it's just a short 20 minute
drive to Sky Harbor Airport and
everything metro Phoenix has to offer
this five bedroom four and a half bath
estate is all about luxurious
entertainment beautiful sunsets and
amazing views of the city can be seen
from the pool spa and every room the
game room features pool and poker tables
wet bar and 2 50 inch plasma TVs when
it's time for movies there's a private
theater with reclining seating for eight
there are seven fireplaces throughout
the home and TVs and DVD players in each
bedroom and the master bath the gourmet
kitchen features a six burning Viking
gas stove double dishwashers and double
refrigerators there's also a wine room
and an outdoor barbecue area with 53
inch viking gas grill side burners and
refrigerator the master suite features
high-end mattresses and linens which are
professionally cleaned and a steam
shower and two-person jacuzzi tub the
guest suite features its own private
balcony and steam shower inside and out
this home is dressed to impress if
you're looking for a private luxurious
getaway that's perfect for entertaining
you found it
this estate is also a state-of-the-art
smart home offering amenities such as
cat5 wiring corporate networking and an
eight line phone system complete with
intercom for more information please
contact connie martin at 60 2620 2396 or
email connie underscore martin @ cox.net
you